# 3 皮肤开发手册
Kodi includes a GUI library that allows you to skin/change everything you see in Kodi, from the images, the sizes and positions of all controls, colours, fonts, and text, through to altering navigation and even adding new functionality  

The skin system is quite complex, and this portion of the manual is dedicated to providing in depth information on how it all works, along with tips to make the experience a little more pleasant.  

If you are just getting started with skinning Kodi, then it is suggested that the best way to learn is by modifying one of the many existing skins that are available. The default skin, Confluence, includes almost all the various tricks and features that make the Kodi skinning engine so powerful, so is an ideal place to start. You may wish to start by having a look [through the tutorial section on skinning Kodi](http://kodi.wiki/view/XBMC_Skinning_Tutorials) as well as the ["Skinning Kodi"](http://kodi.wiki/view/Skinning_XBMC) article, and try modifying a window or two by adding a button, or altering the textures or layout.  

## 1 Anatomy of a Skin

Kodi skins, once installed, are located in [userdata](http://kodi.wiki/view/Userdata) addons folder. This is the folder where all skins are placed and listed.  

Any additional skins you create, or download from, or be installed via zip, Kodi will load and ask you if you would like to load the skin and also allow you to load them up from within the Appearance Settings. It is suggested that if you want to make your own skin, then starting by copying an existing skins files over into a new folder (let's say skin/myskin) is a good place to start. You can then edit each of the files as you become more familiar with the skinning system.  

Each skin folder contains several subdirectorys, and one file:  

#### myskin/720p
This is a resolution-specific directory. Kodi can run in multiple resolutions, and thus can use different files for some resolutions (as there is a big difference between NTSC at 720x480 pixels and 1080i at 1920x1080 pixels!)  

#### myskin/backgrounds
optional folder containing the background images used in the skin  

#### myskin/colors
contains a defaults.xml file which is used to define the colours used in the skin  

#### myskin/font
This subdirectory contains all fonts used by the skin. you can add/replace fonts here  

#### myskin/language
contains several subfolders for each language (English/strings.po). you can define strings used in your skin in this file.  

#### myskin/media
This subdirectory contains all the media files (.png/.gif/.jpg...) You can replace/edit these as you like.  

#### myskin/resources
place your icon.png (a 256x256 or 512x512 png image for your skin), fanart.jpg (a 1280x720 or 1920x1080 jpeg fanart image for your skin) and 10 jpeg screenshots (1280x720) of your skin in here. Name them screenshot01.jpg, screenshot02.jpg ect.  

#### [myskin/addon.xml](http://kodi.wiki/view/Addon.xml)
This contains the information that Kodi uses to find the other files that Kodi requires to describe it's skin. It also contains credits information, and versioning information.  

#### myskin/LICENSE.txt
we recommend to include a Creative Commons license file in your skin: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/  

[See here for the order in which it looks for skin files. ](http://kodi.wiki/view/Addon.xml#Skin_specific_elements)


## 2 Skin Themes

All the basic media files for a skin should be compressed into the Textures.xbt file, and placed in the media/ folder. You can use the tool Texturepacker for this. All the images that make up the default skin theme should be in the Textures.xbt file.  

In addition to this, Kodi allows other .xbt files in the media/ folder, each one representing a different theme for your skin. For instance, you could tint all your main textures a red colour, and create a new theme package Red.xbt. This gives users more choice in the look of a particular skin, and only the textures change when you change themes – the layout stays the same. If the user has selected a theme, then when a control requires a texture, Kodi will first look in the <themename>.xbt file for the texture. It will fall back to the Textures.xbt file if <themename>.xbt doesn't contain the image. This means that the theme .xbt files need only contain the changed textures – all other textures will fallback to using Textures.xbt as usual.  

A suggested method of creating a theme is as follows:  

1. Run Texturepacker.exe on the folder containing the default texture files, to generate Textures.xbt as you would normally do.
2. Identify the textures you wish to have themed and copy them to a separate folder.
3. Create a separate folder for each theme outside of your normal skin work area, and place the altered copies of each of the textures in them.
3. Run Texturepacker.exe on each of the theme folders created in step 3 to create the themed .xbt files (note you can use the -output switch with Texturepacker.exe to name the theme appropriately).
5. Place Textures.xbt and each of the theme .xbt files in the media/ folder of your skin. Kodi will automatically pick them up.

##3 addon.xml

*Main page: [addon.xml](http://kodi.wiki/view/Addon.xml)*  

## 4 Windows

### 4.1 Window Structure

### 4.2 About the Window XML Files

Each window in an Kodi skin is represented by a single .xml file. [See here for a list of the standard windows and links to their .xml files](http://kodi.wiki/view/Window_IDs).  

The important thing to remember is that each window has a unique identifying name. This is how Kodi identifies the window from within the source code. The window names are all listed in the Appendix I: List of Windows.  

Each .xml file has the same basic structure – it starts with some heading information that pertains to the window as a whole, and then contains a <controls> block within which all the controls that describe the window are defined. Many of the controls within each window should have a unique id's, unless they're just used as images or labels where navigation is unimportant and Kodi does not need to be able to identify them uniquely.  

### 4.3 Window Header

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<window>
  <onload>RunScript(script.foobar)</onload>
  <onunload>SetProperty(foo,bar)</onunload>
  <defaultcontrol always="false">2</defaultcontrol>
  <menucontrol>9000</menucontrol>
  <backgroundcolor>0xff00ff00</backgroundcolor>
  <views>50,51,509,510</views>
  <visible>Window.IsActive(Home)</visible>
  <animation effect="fade" time="100">WindowOpen</animation>
  <animation effect="slide" end="0,576" time="100">WindowClose</animation>
  <zorder>1</zorder>
  <coordinates>
    <left>40</left>
    <top>50</top>
    <origin x="100" y="50">Window.IsActive(Home)</origin>
  </coordinates>
  <previouswindow>MyVideos</previouswindow>
  <controls>
    <control>
    </control>
    ....
  </controls>
</window>
```

One thing to note is that all tag names are lower case. **XML tag names are case sensitive!**  

The header contains the following tags:  

**onload**  
Optional: the build-in function to execute when the window opens  

**onunload**  

Optional: the build-in function to execute when the window closes  

**defaultcontrol**  
This specifies the default control of the window. This is the id of the control that will receive focus when the window is first opened. Note that most Kodi windows save the current focus when you leave the window, and will return to the last focused item when you return to a window. This behaviour can be stopped by specifying the attribute always="true".  

**menucontrol**  

This specifies the control that will be focused when the users presses the 'menu' / 'm' button.  

**backgroundcolor**  

Specifies whether the window needs clearing prior to rendering, and if so which colour to use. Defaults to clearing to black. Set to 0 (or 0x00000000) to have no clearing at all. If your skin always renders opaque textures over the entire screen (eg using a backdrop image or multiple backdrop images) then setting the background color to 0 is the most optimal value and may improve performance significantly on slow GPUs.  

**visible**  
Specifies the conditions under which a dialog will be visible. Kodi evaluates this at render time, and shows or hides a dialog depending on the evaluation of this tag. [See here for more details](http://kodi.wiki/view/Conditional_Visibility). **Applies only to type="dialog" windows**.  

**animation**  

Specifies the animation effect to perform when opening or closing the window. [See here for more details.](http://kodi.wiki/view/Animating_Your_Skin)  

**zorder**  

This specifies the “depth” that the window should be drawn at. Windows with higher zorder are drawn on top of windows with lower z-order. All dialogs by default have zorder 1, so if you have a particular dialog that you want underneath all others, give it a zorder of 0. (Note that the normal render order is: The base window, then the overlays (music + video), then dialogs. <zorder> only effects the rendering of the dialogs.  

**coordinates**  
This block is used to specify how Kodi should compute the coordinates of all controls.  

**left**  
Sets the horizontal “origin” position of the window. Defaults to 0 if not present.  

**top**  
Sets the vertical “origin” position of the window. Defaults to 0 if not present.  

**origin**  
Sets a conditional origin for the window. The window will display at (x,y) whenever the origin condition is met. You can have as many origin tags as you like – they are evaluated in the order present in the file, and the first one for which the condition is met wins. If none of the origin conditions are met, we fall back to the <left> and <top> tags.  

**previouswindow**  
This can be used to specify a window to force Kodi to go to on press of the Back button. Normally Kodi keeps a “window stack” of previous windows to handle this. This tag allows you to override this behaviour. The value is the name of the window.  

**views**  
This tag lets you use view id's beyond 50 to 59 it also lets you set the order in which they cycle with the change view button in the skin. Only useful in My<Foo>.xml windows.  

**controls**  
This is the block the defines all controls that will appear on this window.  

### 4.3.1 The Different Types of Controls
Kodi supports many different types of controls.  

[Click here for the control types and what they all do.](http://kodi.wiki/view/Controls)  

Some of these controls are required on specific windows, as they're necessary for that window to perform it's duty, or, the contents of the control are only valid on a particular window. The mandatory controls for each window are listed here. While the controls are mandatory, you can ofcourse move them about and change their appearance within the windows to your hearts content!  

### 4.3.2 Adding Extra Windows
All of the windows in the [window list](http://kodi.wiki/view/Window_IDs) are defined within the executable of Kodi itself, as most of them have a specific purpose. However, the skinner may add extra windows as and when they are needed or wanted. The only restriction to this is that only controls that do not require specific source code to operate can be used. This is not too much of a restriction though, as many skinners have found out.  

To add an extra window, all you need to do is design up the window's .xml file in the usual way, assign it an <id> within the 1100–1199 range (see window list), and then name the file customN.xml, where N is a number or name. You can have as many as you like, as long as they have unique <id>'s, and are named differently. Then just define the type of window you want, the coordinate system and so on, add the controls and setup the navigation. To activate your window, you can do it by adding a button control elsewhere in the skin, or you can get it to popup on a press of the controller or remote via keymap.xml and so on. Basically you just need to run ActivateWindow(id) from a suitable place.  

## 5 Includes

The other special (and arguably the most important skinning file of all) is includes.xml. This is, as its title suggests, a place from which you can define the default look, size, and positioning of controls, to save you replicating many of the control's attributes throughout the window .xml files. For instance, you can setup the size, and textures used for a button control, thus allowing you to leave those details out in the rest of the skin files, unless of course you want to override the default look or size etc. in a particular window.  

This is extremely valuable as it allows you to greatly simplify a lot of the work in building a skin. For one thing, it means that once you have include files setup, many of the default parameters for a different resolution can be done by just altering the parameters within the include file(s) for the different resolution.  

You can infact have more than one include file - you can specify the file attribute when including from a different file, allowing you to have an include file dedicated to a particular set of attributes.  

The layout of an includes file is as follows.  

```
  <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
  <includes>
    <include name="whitetext">
      <textcolor>ffffffff</textcolor>
    </include>
    <include file="listdefaults.xml" />
    <include condition="Skin.HasSetting(extras) file="includes_extras.xml" />
    <default type="button">
      <include>whitetext</include>
    </default>
    <constant name="leftedge">50</constant>
  </includes>
```

You'll notice in the above example that we have 4 different types of includes. The first <include> tag basically allows a substitution of the tags underneath it whenever it occurs. For instance, if in a window .xml file you have this:  

```xml
  <control type="togglebutton">
    <include>whitetext</include>
    ... other tags go here
  </control>
```

Then it would substitute the <textcolor> tag for where the include tag is. You can have as many includes as you like, and as many tags can be inside an include - even complete controls, or complete control groups.  

The second <include> tag in the example demonstrates how to include from a different file. As there is no include name specified, it will include the contents of the entire file at that point.  

The <default> tag is similar to an include, except that it is used in every control of that type - even if you don't specify that the control is to use includes. Thus every buttoncontrol will have the whitetext include in it. Note that you can override this by specifying the <textcolor> tag in the buttoncontrol.  

And finally, the <constant> tag allows you to define a numeric (floating point) constant by name for use in place of numeric values (<left>, height="" etc.) would otherwise be used. This allows alignment of items using the same position values which can then easily be altered in one place.   

## 5.1 Use params in includes

As of Kodi 15.0 Isengard you get is the ability to pass arbitrary parameters to your includes and then use these values anywhere within the include body. Just so you don't have to copy/paste huge chunks of XML anymore in order to change just a value or two. Includes are now roughly equivalent to "procedures" in programming languages. Here's the final syntax that has been included in Kodi.  

Include definitions are still written within <includes> tag, usually in includes.xml. But they can now accept parameters:  

```xml
<include name="MyControl">
    <param name="id"/>
    <param name="left" default="120"/>
    <param name="top">225</param>
    <definition>
        <control type="image" id="$PARAM[id]">
            <left>$PARAM[left]</left>
            <top>$PARAM[top]</top>
            <width>370</width>
            <height>40</height>
            <texture>foo.png</texture>
        </control>
    <definition>
</include>
```

Here, the first part is called parameter list and is specified using <param> tags. When it is present, include body that follows it should be enclosed within <definition> tag. At the moment, parameter list is optional and is mainly used for specifying default values for parameters (such as 120 and 225 above), but is otherwise not mandatory.  

The above include can be called like this:  

```xml
<include content="MyControl">
    <param name="id" value="52"/>
    <param name="left">300</param>
</include>
```

This has the exact same effect as if you've written this instead:  

```xml
<include content="MyControl">
    <control type="image" id="52">
        <left>300</left>
        <top>225</top>
        <width>370</width>
        <height>40</height>
        <texture>foo.png</texture>
    </control>
</include>
```

and called it (old-style) like this:  

```xml
<include>MyControl</include>
```

only without added benefits.  

Any appropriate value can be passed as parameter in the new **include call**, including $INFO labels, $LOCALIZE, $VARs, constants, etc. Empty string (value="") can also be passed, for example to override a non-empty default value set in the include definition.  

Default values are used as replacement when their parameters are not passed in the include call.  

$PARAM references can be specified within both tag values and attributes inside include body, and are expanded to either actual value passed (if it was passed), default value (if set) or empty string, in that order.  

Parameters without default values (such as id above) are specified for better readability and documentation purposes only, but are otherwise not necessary and can be omitted. This is really a matter of style, and some skinners might prefer writing explicit parameter lists to specify all parameters referenced in the include body. It's a good practice though, as explicit parameter lists might be better utilized in the future versions of Kodi.  

If there are no <param> tags at all, <definition> can be omitted too. This leads to even shorter syntax:  

```xml
<include name="MyControl">
    <control type="image" id="$PARAM[id]">
        <left>$PARAM[left]</left>
        <top>$PARAM[top]</top>
        <width>370</width>
        <height>40</height>
        <texture>foo.png</texture>
    </control>
</include>
```

Includes can call other (nested) includes and even pass them exact parameter values that they've got themselves. This is called **parameter forwarding**.  

```xml
<include name="MyControl">
    ...
    <include name="MyOtherControl">
        <param name="label">$INFO[Player.Title]</param>
        <param name="label2" value="x:$PARAM[left]; y:$PARAM[top]"/>
        <param name="color" value="$PARAM[color]"/>     <!-- forwarding -->
        <param name="id" value="$PARAM[scrollbarid]"/>  <!-- forwarding -->
    </include>
    ...
</include>
```

Here, $PARAM[color] and $PARAM[scrollbarid] will be forwarded to MyOtherControl only if parameters color and scrollbarid have actually been passed to MyControl, otherwise the default values for color and id (if set in MyOtherControl) will be used instead in the body of MyOtherControl. Composite values containing other characters (such as label2) are not considered as "true" forwarding and always override any default value set in the nested include, even when they expand to empty strings.  

## 5.2 Variables

Variables make it easier to use conditional infolabels. You can define them in Includes.xml, or to keep them separate, you can place them in another file which is included in Includes.xml. You can include a file in Includes.xml by adding a line like this:  

```xml
<include file="Variables.xml" />
```

Variables can be used in any tag that supports infolabels, like the texture, label and visible tags. Instead of having to include two whole controls with a condition, they allow you to just apply the condition to the actual texture or label. Meaning less controls to maintain ect. The values in the variable are read from top to bottom and the first condition that is met gets used. The last value usually has no condition and it's content acts as a fallback. The following example shows the album label if the player has audio, the year if there is no audio and no fallback is used (because there either is or is not any audio).  

```xml
<variable name="Example">
        <value  condition="Player.HasAudio">$INFO[ListItem.Album]</value>
        <value  condition="!Player.HasAudio">$INFO[ListItem.Year]</value>
        <value>-</value>
</variable>
```

You can use a variable in a label control like this:  

```xml
<label>$VAR[Example]</label>
```

or when the viariable value is likely to contain commas (,) and/or quotes ("):  

```xml
<label>$ESCVAR[Example]</label>
```

(see $ESCINFO[] for more info on the need to escape strings: http://kodi.wiki/view/Label_Parsing)   

## 5.3 Constants

In case you want to re-use a certain value multiple times in your skin, you can define a constant for it:  

```xml
<constant name="FanartCrossfadeTime">300</constant>
<constant name="IconCrossfadeTime">300</constant>
```

you can now reference this value by it's name elsewhere in your skin:  

```xml
<control type="image">
        <left>0</left>
        <top>0</top>
        <width>256</width>
        <height>256</height>
        <texture background="true">$INFO[ListItem.Icon]</texture>
        <fadetime>IconCrossfadeTime</fadetime>
</control>
```

## 5.4 Defaults

for every control type, you can define a default template. for instance here's a template for a button control:  

```xml
<default type="button">
        <left>0</left>
        <top>0</top>
        <width>700</width>
        <height>40</height>
        <label>-</label>
        <texturefocus border="20">list-focus.png</texturefocus>
        <texturenofocus border="20">list-nofocus.png</texturenofocus>
        <font>font20</font>
        <textcolor>white</textcolor>
        <focusedcolor>blue</focusedcolor>
        <disabledcolor>darkgrey</disabledcolor>
        <invalidcolor>red</invalidcolor>
        <textoffsetx>10</textoffsetx>
        <aligny>center</aligny>
        <pulseonselect>true</pulseonselect>
</default>
```

the benefit of defining defaults is that kodi will use the template everywhere in you skin where a button is used, so you don't have to code all of the tags for each and every button. you only have to code the tags that you want to differ from the default template.   

## 5.5 Expressions

expressions are useful if you need to use a certain boolean expression several times throughout your skin. they can be defined in your includes file like this:  

```xml
<expression name="HasInfoDialog">Window.IsActive(musicinformation) | Window.IsActive(movieinformation) | Window.IsActive(addoninformation)</expression>
<expression name="PluginAdvancedLauncher">substring(Container.FolderPath,plugin://plugin.program.advanced.launcher/,left)</expression>
```

to use an expression in your skin, you can reference them using $EXP[]  

```xml
<animation condition="$EXP[HasInfoDialog]" effect="fade" start="100" end="0" time="200" tween="sine">Conditional</animation>
<visible>$EXP[PluginAdvancedLauncher] + !Window.IsActive(Home)</visible>
```

expressions can be used in the following tags/attributes:  
- visible
- enable
- usealttexture
- selected
- condition

# 6 Controls

Controls are the substance of your skin. They define everything from buttons, to text labels, to visualization placement. This portion of the manual will explain each and every control in detail.  

## 6.1 Label Control

The label control is used for displaying text in XBMC. You can choose the font, size, colour, location and contents of the text to be displayed.  

### 6.1.1 Example

```xml
  <control type="label" id="1">
        <description>My First label</description>
        <left>80</left>
        <top>60</top>
        <width>250</width>
        <visible>true</visible>
        <align>center</align>
        <aligny>center</aligny>
        <scroll>false</scroll>
        <label>6</label>
        <info>MusicPlayer.Artist</info>
        <number></number>
        <angle>30</angle>
        <haspath>false</haspath>
        <font>font14</font>
        <textcolor>FFB2D4F5</textcolor>
        <shadowcolor>ff000000</shadowcolor>
        <wrapmultiline>false</wrapmultiline>
        <scrollspeed>50</scrollspeed>
        <scrollsuffix> - </scrollsuffix>
  </control>
```

### 6.1.2 Auto size labels
Wrapping your label in a grouplist with the auto width and appropriate minium and maximum values. Allows the labels width to dynamically change relevalant to how long the label text is. This allows a image or other control to be alligned to the right of the actual label text no matter how wide the label is.  

```xml
   <width min="29" max="200">auto</width>
```

As of XBMC Gotham, simply specifying <width>auto</width> is also supported.  

### 6.1.3 Multi-line labels
If you want your label control to span multiple lines, you can insert a new line character in your label. For example:  

```xml
   <label>This will be on the first line[CR]And this will be on the second line</label>
```

Also, if you want your label control to conform to the <width> parameter, but still want to be able to give it more content than will fit on one line, then setting:  

```xml
   <wrapmultiline>true</wrapmultiline>
```

will cause the text to be cut up (at the spaces in the text) onto multiple lines. Note that if a single word is larger than <width> then it will not be cut, and will still overflow.  

### 6.1.4 Available tags
In addition to the [Default Control Tags](http://kodi.wiki/view/Default_Control_Tags) the following tags are available. Note that each tag is lower case only. This is important, as xml tags are case-sensitive.  

|Tag | Description|
|:--:|:----------:|
|align| Can be left, right, or center. Aligns the text within the given label <width>. Defaults to left|
|aligny|  Can be top or center. Aligns the text within its given label <height>. Defaults to top|
|scroll|  When true, the text will scroll if longer than the label's <width>. If false, the text will be truncated. Defaults to false.|
|label| Specifies the text which should be drawn. You should specify an entry from the strings.xml here (either the Kodi strings.xml or your skin's strings.xml file), however you may also hardcode a piece of text also if you wish, though of course it will not be localisable. You can use the full label formatting syntax and you may also specify more than one piece of information here by using the $INFO and $LOCALIZE formats.|
|info|  Specifies the information that should be presented. Kodi will auto-fill in this info in place of the <label>. See here for more information.|
|number|  Specifies a number that should be presented. This is just here to allow a skinner to use a number rather than a text label (as any number given to <label> will be used to lookup in strings.xml)|
|angle| The angle the text should be rendered at, in degrees. A value of 0 is horizontal.|
|haspath| Specifies whether or not this label is filled with a path. Long paths are shortened by compressing the file path while keeping the actual filename full length.|
|font|  Specifies the font to use from the font.xml file.|
|textcolor| Specifies the color the text should be, in hex AARRGGBB format, or a name from the colour theme.|
|shadowcolor| Specifies the color of the drop shadow on the text, in AARRGGBB format, or a name from the colour theme.|
|wrapmultiline| If true, any text that doesn't fit on one line will be wrapped onto multiple lines.|
|scrollspeed| Scroll speed of text in pixels per second. Defaults to 60.|
|scrollsuffix|  Specifies the suffix used in scrolling labels. Defaults to " | ".|

## 6.2 Fade Label Control 可控渐隐标签

The fade label control is used for displaying multiple pieces of text in the same space in Kodi. You can choose the font, size, colour, location and contents of the text to be displayed. The first piece of information to display fades in over 50 frames, then scrolls off to the left. Once it is finished scrolling off screen, the second piece of information fades in and the process repeats. A fade label control is not supported in a list container.  

可控渐隐标签用来显示Kodi中的相通空间的多个文本块。你可以选择文本需要显示的字体、大小、色彩、位置和内容。被显示的第一个信息块的渐隐超过50贞，然后滚动至左边。一旦滚动屏幕结束，然后第二个信息块渐入，之后的信息块依次重复执行。在列表容器中并不支持可控渐隐标签。  

### 6.2.1 Example 示例

```xml
  <control type="fadelabel" id="1">
        <description>My First fadelabel</description>
        <left>80</left>
        <top>60</top>
        <width>250</width>
        <visible>true</visible>
        <scrollout>true</scrollout>
        <pauseatend>200</pauseatend>
        <label>6</label>
        <info>MusicPlayer.Genre</info>
        <info>MusicPlayer.Artist</info>
        <info>MusicPlayer.Album</info>
        <info>MusicPlayer.Year</info>
        <font>font14</font>
        <textcolor>FFB2D4F5</textcolor>
        <textoffsetx>20</textoffsetx>
        <scroll>true</scroll>
        <randomize>true</randomize>
  </control>
```

### 6.2.2 Tag descriptions
In addition to the Default Control Tags the following tags are available. Note that each tag is lower case only. This is important, as xml tags are case-sensitive.  

除了默认的控制标签，下面列出了一些可用的标签。注意每个标签仅支持小写。这很重要，就像xml标签是大小写敏感一样。  

|Tags | Description|
|:---:|:----------:|
|label |Specifies the text which should be drawn. You should specify an entry from the strings.xml here, however you may also specify a piece of text yourself if you wish, though ofcourse it will not be localisable. You may also specify more than one piece of information here by using the $INFO and $LOCALIZE formats.|
|info |Specifies the information that should be presented. Kodi will auto-fill in this info in place of the <label>. See here for more information.  指定需要显示的信息。Kodi会在 <label>中自动填充此信息。|
|font | Specifies the font to use from the font.xml file.  指定需要使用的来自font.xml文件的字体。|
|textcolor| Specified the color the text should be, in hex AARRGGBB format, or a name from the colour theme.  指定文本的要应用的色彩，使用AARRGGBB形式十六进制，或者是基于色彩主题的名称。|
textoffsetx Specify the offset from the left edge that the text should be rendered at when static (not scrolling). The scrolling text will still scroll using the full <width> of the control.
shadowcolor Specifies the color of the drop shadow on the text, in AARRGGBB format, or a name from the colour theme.
angle Specifies the angle at which the text should be drawn, measured counter clockwise from the horizontal.
scrollout If set to False the fadelabel will only scroll until the last char is to the right side of the width of the fadelabel instead of all the way out to the left.
pauseatend  Specifies the time that the text will wait until it fades away before it scrolls again or moves to the next item.
resetonlabelchange  If set to false the fadelabel will not reset the scrolling offset when the label's content changes. Useful if you have things such as the play time (in seconds) inside a fadelabel. Defaults to true.
scrollspeed Scroll speed of text in pixels per second. Defaults to 60.
scroll  If set to false, the labels won't scroll. Defaults to true.
randomize If set to true, the labels will be displayed in a random order. Defaults to false.

|标签 | 描述|
|:---:|:----------:|
|label||

## 6.3 Button Control 控制按钮

The button control is used for creating push buttons in Kodi. You can choose the position, size, and look of the button, as well as choosing what action(s) should be performed when pushed.  

控制按钮用来在Kodi中创建按压按钮。你可以选择按钮的位置、大小、以及外观，当然也可以选择在按压时应该执行的动作。  

### 6.3.1 Example

```xml
<control type="button" id="1">
      <description>My first button control</description>
      <left>80</left>
      <top>60</top>
      <width>250</width>
      <height>200</height>
      <visible>true</visible>
      <colordiffuse>FFFFFFFF</colordiffuse>
      <texturefocus colordiffuse="FFFFAAFF">myfocustexture.png</texturefocus>
      <texturenofocus colordiffuse="FFFFAAFF">mynormaltexture.png</texturenofocus>
      <label>29</label>
      <wrapmultiline>true</wrapmultiline>
      <font>font12</font>
      <textcolor>FFFFFFFF</textcolor>
      <focusedcolor>FFFFFFFF</focusedcolor>
      <disabledcolor>80FFFFFF</disabledcolor>
      <invalidcolor>FFFFFFFF</invalidcolor>
      <align></align>
      <aligny></aligny>
      <textoffsetx></textoffsetx>
      <textoffsety></textoffsety>
      <pulseonselect></pulseonselect>
      <onclick>XBMC.ActivateWindow(MyVideos)</onclick>
      <onfocus>-</onfocus>
      <onunfocus>-</onunfocus>
      <onup>2</onup>
      <ondown>3</ondown>
      <onleft>1</onleft>
      <onright>1</onright>
</control>
```

### 6.3.2 Available tags
In addition to the Default Control Tags the following tags are available. Note that each tag is lower case only. This is important, as xml tags are case-sensitive.  

除了默认控制标签还有以下可用标签。注意每个标签仅支持小写。这很重要，就像xml标签是大小写敏感一样。  

|Tag 标签 | Description 描述|
|:--:|:----------:|
|texturefocus|  Specifies the image file which should be displayed when the button has focus. [See here for additional information about textures](http://kodi.wiki/view/Texture_Attributes).  指定在按钮聚焦时应该显示的图片文件。|
|texturenofocus|  Specifies the image file which should be displayed when the button does not have focus.  指定在按钮失焦时应该显示的图片文件。|
|label| The label used on the button. It can be a link into strings.xml, or an actual text label.  用在按钮上的标签。它可以链接到strings.xml文件，或者一个世纪的文本标签。|
|font|  Font used for the button label. From fonts.xml.  |
|textcolor| Color used for displaying the button label. In AARRGGBB hex format, or a name from the colour theme.|
|focusedcolor|  Color used for the button label when the button has in focus. In AARRGGBB hex format or a name from the colour theme.|
|disabledcolor| Color used for the button label if the button is disabled. In AARRGGBB hex format or a name from the colour theme.|
|invalidcolor|  Color used for the button if the user entered some invalid value. In AARRGGBB hex format or a name from the colour theme.|
|shadowcolor| Specifies the color of the drop shadow on the text, in AARRGGBB format, or a name from the colour theme.|
|angle| The angle the text should be rendered at, in degrees. A value of 0 is horizontal.|
|align| Label horizontal alignment on the button. Defaults to left, can also be center or right.|
|aligny|  Label vertical alignment on the button. Defaults to top, can also be center.|
|textoffsetx| Amount to offset the label from the left (or right) edge of the button when using left or right alignment.|
|textoffsety| Amount to offset the label from the top edge of the button when using top alignment.|
|textwidth| Will truncate any text that's too long.|
|onclick| Specifies the action to perform when the button is pressed. Should be a built in function. See here for more information. You may have more than one <onclick> tag, and they'll be executed in sequence.|
|onfocus| Specifies the action to perform when the button is focused. Should be a built in function. The action is performed after any focus animations have completed. See here for more information.|
|onunfocus| Specifies the action to perform when the button loses focus. Should be a built in function.|
|wrapmultiline| Will wrap the label across multiple lines if the label exceeds the control width.|

## 6.4 Image Control

The image control is used for displaying images in XBMC. You can choose the position, size, transparency and contents of the image to be displayed.  

### 6.4.1 Example

```xml
<control type="image" id="1">
      <description>My first image control</description>
      <left>80</left>
      <top>60</top>
      <width>250</width>
      <height>200</height>
      <visible>true</visible>
      <colordiffuse>FFFFFFFF</colordiffuse>
      <fadetime>200</fadetime>
      <texture border="5" flipy="true" flipx="false">mytexture.png</texture>
      <bordertexture border="5">mybordertexture.png</bordertexture>
      <bordersize>5</bordersize>
      <texture>$INFO[MusicPlayer.Cover]</texture>
      <aspectratio>keep</aspectratio>
</control>
```

### 6.4.2 Image Size and Type Restrictions
For the <texture> tags, and for all <texture> tags in other controls, there is a small set of rules that you should follow if at all possible:  

#### 6.4.2.1 Size
Images can be any size, though some graphics cards allow only power of 2 textures, so this may be a consideration. For the most case, it doesn't really matter what size things are - Kodi will quite happily load most files.  
